README.rst, before:

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/om-hb/kgextension/master/docs/_static/logo.png
   :alt: kgextension logo

.. inclusion-marker-do-not-remove

Knowledge Graph Extension for Python
------------------------------------

The **kgextension** package allows to access and use Linked Open Data to
augment existing datasets. It enables to incorporate knowledge graph
information in
`pandas.DataFrames <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html>`__
and can be used within the `scikit-learn
pipeline <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.pipeline.Pipeline.html>`__.

Its functionality includes:

* Linking datasets to any Linked Open Data (LOD) Source such as `DBpedia <https://wiki.dbpedia.org/>`__, `WikiData <https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Wikidata:Main_Page>`__ or the `EU Open Data Portal <https://data.europa.eu/euodp/en/home>`__ 
* Generation of new features from the LOD Sources 
* Hierarchy-based feature selection algorithms 
* Data Integration of features from different sources

The project started in March 2020 as a Masters Team Project at the
University of Mannheim.

Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The newest stable release can be found on the `Python Package Index
(PyPi) <https://pypi.org/>`__.

.. code:: python

    pip install kgextension

Documentation and Usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Detailed documentation and usage instructions can be found in the
`kgextension
documentation <https://kgextension.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__.

Communication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The contributors can be reached by email: kgproject20@gmail.com.

Commit message:

added Binder & Colab badges to README

README.rst, after:

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/om-hb/kgextension/master/docs/_static/logo.png
   :alt: kgextension logo
   
.. image:: https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg
   :target: https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/om-hb/kgextension/master?filepath=examples%2Fbook_genre_prediction.ipynb
   :alt: Open In Binder
 
.. image:: https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg
   :target: https://colab.research.google.com/github/om-hb/kgextension/blob/master/examples/book_genre_prediction.ipynb
   :alt: Open In Colab

.. inclusion-marker-do-not-remove

Knowledge Graph Extension for Python
------------------------------------

The **kgextension** package allows to access and use Linked Open Data to
augment existing datasets. It enables to incorporate knowledge graph
information in
`pandas.DataFrames <https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.html>`__
and can be used within the `scikit-learn
pipeline <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.pipeline.Pipeline.html>`__.

Its functionality includes:

* Linking datasets to any Linked Open Data (LOD) Source such as `DBpedia <https://wiki.dbpedia.org/>`__, `WikiData <https://www.wikidata.org/wiki/Wikidata:Main_Page>`__ or the `EU Open Data Portal <https://data.europa.eu/euodp/en/home>`__ 
* Generation of new features from the LOD Sources 
* Hierarchy-based feature selection algorithms 
* Data Integration of features from different sources

The project started in March 2020 as a Masters Team Project at the
University of Mannheim.

Installation
^^^^^^^^^^^^

The newest stable release can be found on the `Python Package Index
(PyPi) <https://pypi.org/>`__.

.. code:: python

    pip install kgextension

Documentation and Usage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Detailed documentation and usage instructions can be found in the
`kgextension
documentation <https://kgextension.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__.

Communication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The contributors can be reached by email: kgproject20@gmail.com.
